module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01152019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,non_interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10192018,non_interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09172018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09202018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01062019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01082019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09112018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09302018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01072019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,non_interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10172018,non_interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,non_interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,non_interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10182018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02022018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08272018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,non_interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,non_interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10242018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09132018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08292018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01102019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01022019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,13,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,13,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,12,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,12,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,11,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,11,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04242018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09122018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09162018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10112018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09072018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09102018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04252018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01312018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02062018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09292018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09152018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,11,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,11,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01162018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10022018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09042018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01192018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,non_interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,non_interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10152018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10102018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08242018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,non_interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,non_interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10232018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10042018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02042018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,non_interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,non_interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10162018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09272018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01042019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10032018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01132019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10222018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01302018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10092018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01112019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02052018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08302018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09082018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01172019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02092018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02072018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01142019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08282018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09252018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09182018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08312018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01092019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04202018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04202018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04202018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04202018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04202018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04202018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04202018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04202018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04202018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04202018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04202018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 04202018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08102018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08102018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08102018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 08102018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 02082018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01032019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,non_interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,non_interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,non_interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,non_interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,non_interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,non_interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,non_interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 09192018,non_interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 10012018,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,2,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,2,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,9,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,9,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,4,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,4,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,10,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,10,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,5,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,5,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,7,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,7,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,1,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,1,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,3,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,3,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,8,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,8,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,6,m1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_fix_and_saccade_detection_task.py 01052019,interactive,6,m2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
