module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01022019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01022019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01022019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01022019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01022019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01022019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01022019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01022019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01022019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01022019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01032019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01032019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01032019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01032019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01032019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01032019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01032019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01032019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01032019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01032019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01042019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01042019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01042019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01042019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01042019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01042019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01042019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01042019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01042019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01042019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01052019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01052019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01052019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01052019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01052019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01052019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01052019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01052019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01052019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01052019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01062019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01062019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01062019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01062019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01062019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01062019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01062019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01062019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01062019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01062019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01072019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01072019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01072019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01072019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01072019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01072019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01072019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01072019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01072019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01072019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01082019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01082019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01082019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01082019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01082019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01082019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01082019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01082019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01082019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01082019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01092019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01092019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01092019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01092019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01092019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01092019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01092019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01092019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01092019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01092019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01102019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01102019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01102019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01102019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01102019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01102019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01102019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01102019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01102019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01102019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01112019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01112019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01112019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01112019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01112019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01112019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01112019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01112019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01112019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01112019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01132019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01132019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01132019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01132019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01132019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01132019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01132019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01132019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01132019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01132019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01142019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01142019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01142019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01142019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01142019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01142019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01142019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01142019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01142019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01142019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01152019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01152019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01152019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01152019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01152019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01152019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01152019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01152019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01152019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01152019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01162018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01162018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01162018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01162018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01162018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01162018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01162018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01162018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01162018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01162018,interactive,11 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172019,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172019,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172019,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172019,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172019,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172019,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172019,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172019,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172019,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01172019,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01192018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01192018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01192018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01192018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01192018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01192018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01192018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01192018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01192018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01192018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01302018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01302018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01302018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01302018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01302018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01302018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01302018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01302018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01302018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01302018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01312018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01312018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01312018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01312018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01312018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01312018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01312018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01312018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 01312018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02022018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02022018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02022018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02022018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02022018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02022018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02022018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02022018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02022018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02022018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02042018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02042018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02042018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02042018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02042018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02042018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02042018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02042018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02042018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02042018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02052018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02052018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02052018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02052018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02052018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02052018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02052018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02052018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02052018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02052018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02062018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02062018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02062018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02062018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02062018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02062018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02062018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02062018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02062018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02062018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02072018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02072018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02072018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02072018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02072018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02072018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02072018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02072018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02072018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02072018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02082018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02082018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02082018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02082018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02082018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02082018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02082018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02082018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02082018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02082018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02092018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02092018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02092018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02092018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02092018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02092018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02092018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02092018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02092018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 02092018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08242018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08242018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08242018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08242018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08242018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08242018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08242018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08242018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08242018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08242018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08272018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08272018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08272018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08272018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08272018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08272018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08272018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08272018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08272018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08272018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08282018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08282018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08282018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08282018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08282018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08282018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08282018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08282018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08282018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08282018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08292018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08292018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08292018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08292018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08292018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08292018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08292018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08292018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08292018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08292018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08302018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08302018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08302018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08302018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08302018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08302018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08302018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08302018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08302018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08302018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08312018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08312018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08312018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08312018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08312018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08312018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08312018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08312018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08312018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 08312018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09042018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09042018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09042018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09042018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09042018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09042018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09042018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09042018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09042018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09042018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09272018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09272018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09272018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09272018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09272018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09272018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09272018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09272018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09272018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09272018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09292018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09292018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09292018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09292018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09292018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09292018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09292018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09292018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09292018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09292018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09302018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09302018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09302018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09302018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09302018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09302018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09302018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09302018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09302018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 09302018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10012018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10012018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10012018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10012018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10012018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10012018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10012018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10012018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10012018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10012018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10022018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10022018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10022018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10022018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10022018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10022018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10022018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10022018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10022018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10022018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10032018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10032018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10032018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10032018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10032018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10032018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10032018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10032018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10032018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10032018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10042018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10042018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10042018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10042018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10042018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10042018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10042018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10042018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10042018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10042018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10092018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10092018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10092018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10092018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10092018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10092018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10092018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10092018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10092018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10092018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10102018,interactive,1 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10102018,interactive,2 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10102018,interactive,3 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10102018,interactive,4 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10102018,interactive,5 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10102018,interactive,6 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10102018,interactive,7 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10102018,interactive,8 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10102018,interactive,9 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
module load miniconda; conda activate gaze_processing; python run_single_slds_fitting_task.py 10102018,interactive,10 /gpfs/milgram/project/chang/pg496/data_dir/social_gaze/intermediates/params.pkl
